"Have you heard of Murphy's law? "Yeah", "What is it?" "If something can go wrong, it will go wrong." "Right. Have you heard of Cole's Law?", "No, what is it?", "Thinly sliced cabbage."
"How much to hire a church singing group" "You mean a choir?" "Fine, how much to acquire a church sing group?"
1. Going to bed early; 2. Not leaving my house; 3. Not going to a party; My childhood punishments have become my adult goals.
10 years ago today I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me... All three said "no."
100 years ago everybody rode horses around, and only the wealthy could afford cars. Today everybody drives cars, and only the wealthy can afford horses. Oh how the stables have turned.
25 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope, and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope, and no Jobs. Please don't let Kevin Bacon die.
5 ants rented an apartment with 5 other ants. Now they are tenants together.
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN #1 Fine This is the word women use to end an argument when she knows she is right and vou need to stop talking. #2 Nothing Means something and you should be worried. #3 Go Ahead Do NOT confuse this with permission! It's a dare and don't even think about it. #4 Whatever A woman's way of calling you an idiot. #5 That's OK She is thinking long and hard on how and when you will pay for your mistake. BONUS WORD: WOW! This is not a compliment. She is amazed that one person could be so clueless.
6 was scared of 7 because 7, 8 ,9 but why did 7 eat 9? Because you're supposed to eat 3 squared meals a day.
70% of the earth is water and virtually none of it is carbonated. So the earth is, in fact, flat...
97% of people are stupid. Thank goodness I’m in the other 5%.
99.99% of people are idiots. I'm just happy I belong to the 1%.
A lady asked me if I would paint her in the nude. I said, 'If you don't mind I'll keep my socks on, otherwise I have nowhere to put my brushes.'
A Mexican magician said he will disappear on the count of 3. He says: "Uno, Dos..." Poof! He disappeared without a tres.
A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours!
A bacteria walked into a bar and the bartender said, "We don't serve bacteria in this place." The bacteria said, "But I work here, I'm staph."
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
A cement mixer has collided with a prison van. Motorists are advised to look out for 16 hardened criminals.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
A chess master has a blind date with a girl from Czechoslovakia. He’s hoping to find his Czech mate.
A colon can completely change the meaning of a sentence. For example: - Jane ate her friends sandwich. - Jane ate her friends colon.
A colorblind friend insists that all apples are yellow. I told him that was bananas.
A copy of "A Christmas Carol" just fell on my toe. It hurts like the Dickens!
A couple of cows were smoking weed and playing poker. The steaks were high.
A couple of kids asked me today what it was like for me growing up...so I took their phones, shut off their internet, gave them a popsicle and told them to go outside till the street lights came on.
A crazy wife says to her husband that moose are falling from the sky. The husband says, it's reindeer.
A dove opened its mouth without making a sound...then I realized I just witnessed a failed coo attempt.
Try again
Try again
I went down to the paint store to get thinner. It didn't work...I'm still fat.
What do you call a musician with problems? A trebled man.
What did the boy band that plays classical music name itself?...The Bach Street Boys
According to my chocolate adventcalendar, there are only 3 days until Christmas.
What do you call someone who’s happy on Mondays? Retired!
I have lots of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
I just ordered a life alert bracelet, so if I ever get a life I’ll be notified immediately.
Why do noses “run” and feet “smell”?
How many retirees does it take to change a light bulb?...Only one, but it’ll take all day and requires a nap in the middle of it!
I farted on the bus this morning and four people turned around...Felt like I was on the voice.
When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, “A very good doctor”.
My therapist told me I need to stop making up scenarios in my head, which is weird because I don't even have a therapist.
My neighbors have their Christmas lights up, so I'm inviting them to our Easter egg hunt this afternoon.
About halfway through the wife leans over to her husband and says, “I just let out a silent fart, what do you think I should do?” He replies, “Put a new battery in your hearing aid.”
Why don’t blind people like to skydive? It scares the dog!
Why did the non-binary prospector head out west?...There was gold in them/their hills.
Last night I had a terrible dream that I had to make a thousand pancakes...I was tossing and turning all night long!
I finally got to see my Doctor on Monday and I showed him the rash on my bottom  but he just ignored me and kept pushing his cart through Costco.
My wife just walked in, told the dog how cute he is, and how much she loves him. Held his face in her hands, stared into his eyes, and gave him forehead kisses. Then left the room. I'm sitting right next to the dog.
Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
What was Salvador Dali's favorite breakfast meal? A bowl of surreal.
I already know how it will end...One of my children will unplug my life support to charge their phone.
I saw a homeless man with a sign that read "One day, it could happen to you". So I put my dollar back in my pocket just in case he was right.
What kind of apple is not an apple?......A pineapple.
I really used to hate speedbumps. But now I'm slowly getting over them.
What happens when you throw a green apple into the Red Sea?....It gets wet!
If you have 5 apples in one hand and 7 apples in the other, what do you have?.....huge hands.
Napoleon and his wife are buried next to each other. They're only a bone apart.....
You can't give away a used mattress but somehow we'll pay three hundred bucks a night to sleep on one at a hotel.
I miss the old days when bills didn't have my name on them.
I'm so bad at geography when my teacher asked me what bordered Turkey.  I answered Mashed Potatoes.
It's been over a year since someone stole my herb garden! Where has the thyme gone?
My favourite piece of furniture is my reclining chair... We go back a long way.. 
When is an apple grouchy? When it'a a crab apple.
It’s OK if you don’t know what prefix means, it’s not the end of the word.
Last night I made fish tacos...they just looked at them and swam away.
In order to teach my kids about democracy, I let them vote on dinner. They voted for pizza. Then I made tacos because they don't live in a swing state.
All of us older folks know all about living on the edge, we used to answer the phone without knowing who it was.
It's true that exercise helps with decision making. I went for a run this morning and decided never to do that again.
Why is there always a shop selling luggage at the airport? Who is going on vacation, carrying armfuls of clothes, saying, I'll pack when we get there?
The other night I told my daughter "Go to bed, even the cows are sleeping in the field." She said "So what's that got to do with anything?" I replied "that means it's pasture bedtime."
What's the difference between a mathematician and a lumberjack? The way they pronounce axes.
So you mean to tell me a stress ball is not for throwing at people who stress you out.
I finally got around to seeing the doctor yesterday and he said, "Can we talk about your weight?"
I said, "yeah sure. It was about 27 minutes, but the chairs were actually pretty comfortable.”
I never make the same mistake twice...I make it five or six times, just to be sure.
This chicken said to me: “I can’t find my eggs!” I said: “You’ve probably mislaid them “. 
When you buy a bigger bed, you have more bed room, but less bedroom
What's ET short for? Because he's only got tiny legs!
What kind of music did the Pilgrims like. Plymouth Rock.
What kind of music do balloons like? Pop music.
What lies on the ground, 100 feet in the air? A dead centipede
Why did the cyclops lose his job as a teacher? Because he only had one pupil.
Why do flamingos stand on one leg? If they pulled up the other leg they'd fall.
You can walk around Walmart and eat grapes, and nobody bothers you, but as soon as you eat a rotisserie chicken, here comes security...
Which Apple product do pirates find the most compelling? The iPatch
My boss said to me: "Why do you come out in a rash when I give you your wages?" I said: "It's because I'm allergic to peanuts!" 
Imagine how noisy centipedes would be if they wore tiny flip flops.
The first rule of “condescending club”  is really kind of complex and I don’t think you would understand it even if I explained it to you.
What's a pirate's favorite restaurant? Arrrrby's
Most people don't know that the opposite of a Croissant is actually a happy uncle.
I've opened a gym, where the instructors would go from door to door, to tell people about the benefits of joining it. I've named it Jehovah's Fitness.
Old age has come at a terrible time, just as I was starting to know it all, I'm now forgetting everything I knew..
If they get much older I believe Rolling Stones will gather moss.
Origami really makes you a bad poker player. You always fold!
What is a dragon's favorite snack. Fire-crakers.
What kind of noise does a subway train make?  A low commotion.
With the introduction of female referees for the first time in the premier league, players have been warned they may get booked for fouls they committed years ago that they had completely forgotten about
Wrestling: a sport where people without pants fight for a belt.
You know what the first rule of passive-aggressive club is? You know what, never mind. Forget it.
You don't hear much about the Bermuda Triangle anymore because it is filled with so many sunken ships that it's become a wrecktangle.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library. It has the most stories.
How are dentures like the moon? They both come out at night.
What's an angels favorite video game? Halo
What do you call a goat who is always cleaning up? A room-baaa
What kind of tea can't you take into space? Gravi-tea
What do you call a guy passed out, laying down in front of your door? Matt
A Roman walks into a bar. He holds up two fingers and says "give me five beers"
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel hat on. Bartender says, "Why are you wearing a paper towel hat?. Pirate says, "I got a Bounty on me head"
There was a lighthouse owner that noticed the tide was coming in way too high and might wash away his home. So he called 911. It was an emerging sea.
What does the Tiger say to his friends before they go hunting for food? Let us prey.
Why did the Tiger lose at poker? He was playing with a Cheetah.
Whomever came up with “a penny for your thoughts”, “don’t nickel and dime me”, and “another day another dollar”  sure knew how to coin a phrase.
The amount of people who confuse “to” and “too” is mind blowing two me.
Fun fact: Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
Please keep my son in your prayers as he had to empty the dishwasher and he "just did this yesterday" and he's tired.
"I" before "E", except when your foreign neighbor Keith receives eight counterfeit beige sleighs from feisty caffeinated weightlifters. Weird!
I just mashed up some Kellogg’s Frosties into a paste & used it between my bathroom tiles. “They’re Grrrrrrout!!!”
They say I'm the world's biggest procrastinator, because I'm always starting things that I don't
I bet jellyfish are sad that there aren't any peanut butter fish.
My best friend Frank wants to be cremated and his ashes stored in a beer stein. Yes, his final wish is to be Frank-in-stein.
I just called the paranoia hotline. The guy answered, "Who are you and how did you get this number?"
I asked the librarian where the paranoia books were. She said, "They are righ behind you!"
My roman doctor said I needed an IV. I said "for what?"
To whoever stole my antidepressants, I hope you're happy!
Why do firemen wear red suspenders? To hold their pants up.
I tried to make my snail faster by removing its shell, but that just made it more sluggish.
Why did the snail write an S on the door of his sports car? So people would say, "Look at that S car go!"
My fried says he'a a compulsive liar. I don't believe him.
Two mafia hit men are walking deep into a forest in the middle of the night. One of them says, "I gotta admit, I'm a little scared out here." The replies, "You're scared...I gotta walk back alone."
I hate when my wife gets made at me for being lazy. It's not like I'm doing anything...
A detective show up at my house and asked where I was between 5 & 6. I said, "kindergarten".
Why do chicken coups have 2 doors? Because if they have four, then they would be a chicken sedan.
Why do astronomers put ground beef in their shampoo? For meatier showers!
What is the fastest way to lose some pounds? Gamble in the UK.
Have you ever noticed that pages that read, "This page intentionally left blank.', aren't!
Iron man is, technically, Fe Male.
What did the seal with the broken flipper say to the shark? "Do not consume if seal is broken."
What did the octogenarian pirate say on his birthday? Aye Matey.
What's the difference between dad jokes and the Spanish language? In Spanish,  you roll your 'R'. With dad jokes you roll your eyes.
For her birthday, I bought my wife new beads for her abacus. It's the little things that count.
I've been trying to take pictures of wheat fields, but they keep coming out too grainy..
In my job interview, I was asked what some of my good qualities were...Well, my doctor always calls me patient.
Why was the baby jalapeno shivering? He was a little chili.
I finally got a doctor to explain my fear of giants and beanstalks. He says I have Fee-fi-phobia.
A lot of women actually turn into good drivers. So if you're a good driver, watch out for turning women.
Why do you never serve beer at a math party? Because you can't drink and derive
Why do computer scientists always confuse Halloween and Christmas? Because OCT 31 is DEC 25.
Somebody asked me what to do with leftover bacon. I'd never heard of such a thing.
I hate when I gain 10 pounds for a role and then realize…I'm not an actor.
Why are you always so tired on April 1st?  You just had a 31 day march.
Why don't angry witches ride their brooms? They're afraid of flying off the handle.
I only sing in my car if I'm going in reverse. I'm a backup singer!
Last night I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor said I'll be okay, but I feel I dyed a little inside!
I had the nastiest, rudest, slowest cashier today. I guess it's my own fault for using the self service checkout.
A husband and wife were arguing over who should make the morning pot of coffee. The wife claimed it was the husband's job - and she could prove it. She said that her proof was in the bible. The husband was stunned. The Bible? He asked. She went over and opened her Bible to the book of "Hebrews".
What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?....finding half a worm!
My kids made me listen to a new band called "Skinny Jeans". I listened, but just couldn't get into them.
Cough. Rough. Though. Through...Why don't these words rhyme, yet pony and bologna do?
What do dentists call X-rays?  Toothpicks
What did the art thief say to the museum curator?  "Give e all your Monet!"
Arguing with my wife is like reading a Software License agreement. In the end you have to ignore everything and click "I agree".
What do you call a person who saw an Apple store get robbed?....an iWitness.
What do barbers sell in the winter? Cold Cuts!
Of all the things that taste like chicken, it's weird that eggs aren't one of them.
Last year I went trick or treating and told dad jokes but I only got a couple Snickers.
Some people exercise every day. Right now, I'm watching a show I don't like because the remote fell on the floor
What does an educated owl say? Whom!
I think it’s wrong that only one company makes the game Monopoly.
I told my wife that I had prepared for her a Beatles inspired lunch, but she wasn't impressed and asked what the tiny pimento stuffed thing in her sandwich was, I responded, "Wee olive in a yellow sub, Maureen"
I got a GPS for my car voiced by Bono from U2, and now the streets have no names and I still haven't found what I am looking for